Python: Getting Started flask (#7861)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/guides/flask/index.mdx

from flask import Flask
import sentry_sdk

sentry_sdk.init(
    dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___",
    # Set traces_sample_rate to 1.0 to capture 100%
    # of transactions for performance monitoring.
    traces_sample_rate=1.0,
)

app = Flask(__name__)
```

<Note>

Our Python SDK will install the Flask integration for all of your apps. It hooks into Flask’s signals, not anything on the app object.

</Note>

## Verify

```python
from flask import Flask

sentry_sdk.init(...)  # same as above

app = Flask(__name__)

@app.route("/")
def hello_world():
    1/0  # raises an error
    return "<p>Hello, World!</p>"
```

When you point your browser to [http://localhost:5000/](http://localhost:5000/) a transaction in the Performance section of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) will be created. Additionally, an error event will be sent to [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) and will be connected to the transaction.

It takes a couple of moments for the data to appear in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io).

## Behavior

After initialization:

- If you use `flask-login` and have set `send_default_pii=True` in your call to `init`, user data (current user id, email address, username) is attached to the event.

> - Request data is attached to all events: **HTTP method, URL, headers, form data, JSON payloads**. Sentry excludes raw bodies and multipart file uploads.
> - Logs emitted by `app.logger` or _any_ logger are recorded as breadcrumbs by the [Logging](/platforms/python/guides/logging/) integration (this integration is enabled by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Request data will be attached to all events: **HTTP method, URL, headers, form data, JSON payloads**. Sentry excludes raw bodies and multipart file uploads.
- Logs emitted by `app.logger` or _any_ logger will be recorded as breadcrumbs by the [Logging](/platforms/python/guides/logging/) integration (this integration is enabled by default).
```
